## Notes for 27 Jan 2026 council meeting

- Proposed date and time - Tuesday 27th Jan, 16.00 @ Base48 
  - Agreeable with: Vega, Thebys, Adam, Anna, Lomien, Bistro,  Jake, Lubko
  - Present: Vega, Thebys, Adam, Anna, Jake, Lubko, Lomien, Bistro

## Agenda to go through

::: warn
➡️ ⇒ postponed to next meeting
✅ ⇒ done
:::

**Assembly of the council**
- Our status, goal, vision, motivation, scope, principles, assets. 
  - the current council has 8 members, 7 elected, +1 chairman (whom has 2 votes)
  - principles: transparency, encouraging participation, (attempt to be) data driven, fair & unbiased, democratic
  - aim to meet every 2 weeks. If absent, excuse yourself
  - at least half the council has to be present for a council decision to proceed
  - all members are welcome to come to the meetings. 
- Council voting, acting and delegation principles
  - the chairman has the power to break ties by having 2 votes (power proportional to responsibility)
  - the chairman aims to delegate as much as possible
- Communication / organization / productivity tools (logging of meetings) 
- deploy nextcloud for collaboration/organization, continue using signal for real-time chat (for now)
  - Tasks, deadlines, responsibilities
  - Council meetings schedule
  - rada inbox (nextcloud form)
    (bistro offers to do a meshtastic workshop)
- ➡️ Financial status and forecast review 
- ➡️ Review voting new members 
- ➡️ Brainstorm on possible further income and tech / material sourcing

**Digital infrastructure at base**

- [x] Rights transfer for base github
  - [x] Github ownership transferred / distributed ✅
  - [x] Vega cleaned up and improved the base github ✅ 
- [ ] New member portal ; being worked on by Thebys, Jake offered to help
- [x] get access to old member portal (it’s direct write to DB, no admin ui, no access to gain)
- [ ] Wiki review (to be connected to keycloak. general refresh, Lubko offered to help admin-ing)
  - [ ] encourage use of wiki as versioning system for projects 
- [ ] Social media transfer
  - [ ] Facebook - Works, no need to transfer
  - [ ] IG - Needs transfer, proved difficult, do we need it - Vašek hogs it.
  - [ ] Youtube - Bistro will to secure some old YT account
  - [ ] Twitter/X - kill off
  - [ ] Fediverse - try? is popular with young people
- [ ] ➡️ Staring discussion on communication service (probably long term)

**Other**

- [ ] Mysterious income of 20.01.2026 	5 300,00 CZK 	Okamžitá příchozí platba 	MUDr. IRMA VÝŠKOVÁ 	Irma Vyskova,		0099411 		MUDr. IRMA VÝŠKOVÁ   
  - [ ] \-— Lomien will contact the person, return the money if asked to
- [ ] ➡️ FYI from Thebys: Snajpa offered a finacial contribution of \~ 30k CZK for using space and energy, he would like a contract and an invoice. There is basis that allows for it in stanovy.  
- [ ] ➡️ Cleanups data from 2025 review and next steps 
- [x] New lights at workshop
- [x] New library
- [x] New can crusher
- [x] FYI from Thebys: Reached out to ex-member shpio, confirmed keys are returned and debt settled, remaning stuff was output buffered. Case closed, member portal record needs updating. 

