# rada meeting notes 24th feb 2026

- Proposed date and time - Tuesday 24th feb, 18.00 @ Base48 
  - Agreeable with: Vega, vanicka, Lubko, Jake
  - Present: Adam, Anicka, Bistro, Jake, Lomien, Lubko, Thebys, Vega 

## Agenda to go through

➡️ ⇒ can be postponed to next meeting  
✅ ⇒ done

- [ ] Transfers
  - [x] Meeting notes from the Valná Hromada need to be finalized and sent to a court registry, only then the official record can be updated and bank account transferred. ✅  
- [ ] Events
  - [ ] CAD training with Zed at base (recycled from install fest), capacity max 20 peeps. ➡️ ➡️ ➡️
  - [ ] Devconf - 18-19. 06. 2026, Brno➡️ ➡️ ➡️  
    https://www.devconf.info/cz/
  - [ ] MakerFair 17.–18. 10. 2026 Brno➡️ ➡️ ➡️
    - https://makerfaire.cz/brno/
  - [ ] Debordelizace - event ???
- [ ] Financial status and forecast review
  - [x] TODO: contact members who pay around \~10th day in the month and warn them. ✅
  - [x] Fundraising process - member feedback(!)
    - [x] base48 bank account only or allow member accounts on projects
    - [x] What happens with collected money?
    - [x] What is our stance on “fronting” money for projects from members?
- [x] Review: voting new members - rule of meeting council - restored
  - [x] Fumiko - https://members.base48.cz/admin/users/184
- [x] Consider: scheduled women-only days like once a month
- [x] Consider deploying a digital cash register for better bar inventory management
- [x] Regular garbage collection / agreement with Amici bins
- [ ] Pracka, :D - discard the plan? Postel plan  ➡️ 
- [ ] Cameras
- [ ] Battery fire safety and Fire safety
- [ ] ️Parking spaces and deal with OG ? ➡️ ➡️ ➡️
  - [ ] For consideration: www.zbozi.cz/auto-moto/dopravni-znaceni/parkovaci-zabrany/ - pre approved by landlord
- [x] Increase in drink prices 25 → 30
- [x] Output Buffer - new regal? 
- [x] fiber optic internet

## What actually happened 

- [x] Legal papers for court - sent  
- [x] Events: we’re slowly migrating events to calendar
- [x] Migrate the rest of the cryptpad calendar to our new Calendar (Jake). Wiki link updated - https://nextcloud.at.base48.cz/apps/calendar/dayGridMonth/now  
    
  Members can add their non-base events to the calendar too 
- [x] Financial status - we are able to pay the rent for this month.  
  Member feedback for the fundraising project -   
  There is a suggestion to skip base48 account altogether if somebody leads a project and use their (project leads) account directly.  
  This is Relevant only for Base48 projects.   
     
  - \[ \]  TODO: Refine a definition of what is “Base48 Project”   
  - \[ \]  TODO: Display warning in the memberportal if the bank account is not base48 account

Voting for new members:  
Fumiko - approved

Women-only day:   
Proposed by Vega - xhain Berlin has such days and it was nice.   
We agreed to have a pilot day ( TODO: Vega to implement the basics )  
  
Digital cash register:   
Vega to implement - it should make it easier for us to keep a track on our cash and inventory.
  
Regular garbage collection:  
- \[ \] Adam to take the lead on this

Parking:   
There is a possible solution, will require refining1
  
Increase of drink prices:  
We agreed to increase the price from 25 to 30 so we can cover increased cost of cleaning products.
  
Fiber optics - Adam is in talks with a new provider.

Our transparent account is being released again. Regardless of this, we are going to use non-transparent account to avoid the same issue. 

Cyclops shop current state - slowed down but restart is happening very soon (Mari drives it).  
  
GreenKitty would like to represent us on a hackathon. While we really appreciate it, the fact it is supposedly related to controversial topics made us prefer to “lay low” for a time in our current circumstances.