# rada meeting 1st April 2026

- Proposed date and time - 1st April 18:00 @ base48 
  - Postponed to 1830 because of ongoing ad-hoc event.
  - Present: Anička, Thebys, Lomien, Vega, Bistro, 
  - Excused: Adam (vacation), Lubko (family), Jake (vacation)

## Agenda

- [ ] New members: 
  - [ ] Jirka Holz - I vouch for him. If I was here, I’d vote for accepting Jirka. I give power of attorney to Anicka to votw on my behalf :) I Instructed Jirka to pay the member fee. 
  - [ ] Nikoleta - I’m working her into membership as you guys speak :) 
  - [ ] Petrr - former operations guy from Open Garage
  - [ ] Ondrejk
- [ ] Fiberoptic internet update: We got a quote for 5770 czk/month for a dedicated symmetric 1G up/ 1G down with two static IPs from Quantcom (pe3ny). Not as high as Krey’s but still pretty high. Original quote here: https://nextcloud.at.base48.cz/s/o5yJF99NnyFnLMY
- [ ] I’m still negotiating for a lower price. I’m hardballing and aiming for 2,5k. We’ll see how it goes. I will keep you posted. 
- [ ] Fiberoptic internet update 2: Guy called today (1.4.) and offered a 1000Gb down / 500Gb up for \~2000 czk however with aggregation. We’d have to buy the cables and tubes and do the works ourselves. He’ll send another quote. Let me know if I should ask for a 500 down/1000 up instead. 
- [ ] Installfest update - We had a stand and a talk, Paralelni Polis and Second Culture is completely dead, Brmlab is stagnating, Takt is bracing for spring cleanup. Met with Rasťo. 
  - [ ] Input from Skirit.
- [ ] Finances update - Thebys written in court registry, disponibility currently pending in FIO bank. I will consolidate money and accounts, should be finished within a week.
- [ ] Fire safety - especially battery storage
  - [ ] We don’t need most of the cells - let’s reduce number of cells in base and improve containment process. Consult Bistro / Karen for information. The metal box is good, too many batteries. Label the box. Lomien can discard batteries.
- [ ] Staring discussion on communication service (probably long term)
  - [ ] Communication of the recent changes regarding new infrastructure, onboarding to new member portal and new cash register system.
  - [ ] Communicate to members what is a mailing list and how to use it.
  - [ ] Advertise new calendar and Base itself as space for various small/medium community events.
- [ ] Extending the chillout zone (bed / podium / …)
  - [ ] Adam has made a design and is prepared to do it. Postponed until woodworking area is finished.
- [ ] Refilling of the med-kits - what is missing, who gets it, how much will it cost?
  - [ ] New medkit in woodworking corner
  - [ ] Vega will try to persuade Mari into medkit audit. ⇐ failed
  - [ ]  Lomien may help.
- [ ] Brainstorm on possible further income and tech / material sourcing
  - [ ] Cooperation with PRŮŠA - Jake is on it and will have more information in time.
- [ ] Formalize base “tour” process for new members? Do’s and dont’s?
  - [ ] The wiki page may need some love: https://wiki.base48.cz/wiki/Join_us