# rada meeting notes 10th march 2026

- Proposed date and time - 10th march 18:00 @ base48 
  - Present: Adam, Vega, Thebys, Jake, Lubko, Lomien, Anička
  - Excused: Bistro

## Agenda to go through

- [x] Events
  - [x] CAD training with Zed at base (recycled from install fest), capacity max 20 peeps. ➡️ ➡️ ➡️
  - [x] Devconf - 18-19. 06. 2026, Brno➡️ ➡️ ➡️  
    https://www.devconf.info/cz/
  - [x] MakerFair 17.–18. 10. 2026 Brno➡️ ➡️ ➡️
    - https://makerfaire.cz/brno/

- [ ] Extending the chillout zone (bed / podium / …)
  - [ ] Adam has made a design and is prepared to do it. Postponed until woodworking area is finished.
- [ ] Refilling of the med-kits - what is missing, who gets it, how much will it cost?
  - [ ] New medkit in woodworking corner
  - [ ] Vega will try to persuade Mari into medkit audit. Lomien may help.
- [x] Cameras
  - [x] Mr. Radoslav installed one near our red gate, aimed at his cars, it is chinese Tapo, Thebys convinced him to at least disable the acousting siren at night. The camera still lights up upon detection.
- [x] Space for the new trashcan - Is inside ok? Outside probably better (smells, insects)
- [ ] Brainstorm on possible further income and tech / material sourcing
  - [ ] Cooperation with PRŮŠA - Jake is on it and will have more information in time.
- [ ] Formalize base “tour” process for new members? Do’s and dont’s?
  - [ ] The wiki page may need some love: https://wiki.base48.cz/wiki/Join_us


## Updates, not necessarily to discuss, just an FYI

- Fiberoptic internet update (Adam): 
  - Yard owner (Kopecký) plans a reconstruction of some of the buildings within 2 years. That complicates any fiber development but we’ll see what the companies tell us. 
  - Pe3ny.net: Guy came, looked around, noted that it’s feasible. A rough estimate is 10-20k for the install, then 1k for a dedicated (guaranteed) 1G with a static IP. A salesperson will reach out to us and give us a quote. They didnt say anything about Souhlas from the owner :D
  - Vodafone: Guy came, made some photos, prepared a layout, sent for Kopecky to review. Kopecky wants to make some changes (explicitly state who carries the costs in case the cable needs to go down)
  - (sidenote from vega) one of the reasons snajpa took away the servers he brought was cause starlink is a crap uplink and he may get interested in returning them if the uplink stops sucking balls
- We have a new trashcan, takeout will occur every 14 days. 
  - When? What needs to be done for successful takeout?
- A fresh new medkit has been added to woodwork corner. Hung on the wall for now, quite visible. 
- We are waiting for the court to publish meeting notes from Valná Hromada, we have delivered all paperwork, it should appear within days here: https://or.justice.cz/ias/ui/vypis-sl-firma?subjektId=786587 - Once that happens we can start co close and tidy up the bank accounts situation.

## What happened

Skirit showed up which was nice.

🛜 DNS - still in progress, more hands are needed (Skirit is a candidate)

📆 Events - lets add more, we have a new web widget on the page to show we’re active.

🔥 Fire safety: We store batteries that might fail and just fire up.   
Lubko: We need to write up a procedure for handling batteries.  
Thebys: Lets lower the amount of batteries we store. < agreed by everyone  
Lubko: Investigate the idea of adding fire alarm to HA  
- \[ \] Lubko checks rest of batteries   
- \[ \] Lomien to throw out old batteries  
  
🏥 We need to find out what we’re missing from medkit / first aid kits.   
The best person we know about is Mari so we will kindly ask her to help, Lomien will help too.
  
🎥 There is a new camera system outside on the building from mr Radoslav, we should be mindful about it - it also records audio.  
- \[ \] Make a sticker that there are cameras

🗑️  For now the new trash bin stays where it is outside.

🖨️ Prusa - we pursue further cooperation, Jake to have more calls with them.  
  
Free debate around Exclusive events.