# rada meeting 21 April 2026

- Proposed date and time - 21 April 18:00 @ base48 
  - Present:  Adam, Bistro, Jake, Vega, Lomien, Anicka, Lubko, Thebys

## Agenda to go through

- [x] New members approval
- [x] Financial update  
- [x] Two new desktop PCs available at Base - Jaroslav and Jaromir, one used as digital signage for TV, the other one is a spare currently in repair corner, base use at will, credentials labeled on machines.
- [x] Staring discussion on communication service
  - [x] Proper way of reaching rada
  - [x] Communication of the recent changes
  - [x] Communicate to members what is a mailing list and how to use it.
  - [x] Advertise new calendar and Base itself as space for various small/medium community events.
- [x] Refilling of the med-kits - what is missing, who gets it, how much will it cost?
  - [x] New medkit in woodworking corner
  - [x] Lomien may help.
  - [ ] Migrate to Tasks - ddl 5th May, 
- [x] Brainstorm on possible further income and tech / material sourcing
  - [x] Cooperation with PRŮŠA - Jake is on it and will have more information in time.
    - [ ] Migrate to Tasks

## Writeup and MoM

### The news
- Some of Zed PCs got harvested into our infrastructural needs. PCs left near the gate will be further processed and removed by Zed till 2026-04-26.
- Bistro works on meshcore projects, would like to extend it.  
- Adam has improvements after some time on the dust collection system.
- Jake: CNC should arrive soon, Prusa team was contacted for a new printer

### Memberships
  - [x] Jirka Holz - I vouch for him. If I was here, I’d vote for accepting Jirka. I give power of attorney to Anicka to votw on my behalf :) I Instructed Jirka to pay the member fee.
  - [x] Petrr - former operations guy from Open Garage, paid membership fee, would like to cooperate with members on car projects, offers help with our cars.
  - [x] Patrik - workshop attendee, vouched for by Vaclav.

### Financial update
- We have access to our transparent account and to our funds there. Only funds scammy money is still frozen there. We can consider also Moneta (has free service + API), maybe Revolut or other similar services.

### Communication topic
- Proper way of reaching rada - it is a bit too difficult to reach rada at the moment. This is based on a random feedback Thebys collected.
- Also we need to do better with publishing these notes!

### Medkits + Fire extinguishers
- Lomien needs 2 weeks.

### Sourcing 
- Anicka will try to reach DPMB for some more cool panels.   
  
## Additional topics and notes
### Anicka: Cleanups
 - slowly progressing. Currently focused around the 3D printer corner.
  
### Bistro: Suspending Kreys membership
- Bistro proposes one month long membership suspension for Kreyren as a serious warning based on Kreys behavior (according to stanovy III. 4., 6.).
- Counter-argument is that it might be sufficient to restrict him from publicly accessible channels (reputation).
- Multiple non-council members are voicing that they had to block him already because of his communication being unbearable.  
- Krey voices his perspective and concerns. He states he is not comfortable in base since the new council.
- There is a discussion with Kreyren about what environment he would like, and what he sees as cause of conflicts around him.
- The council votes with 5 votes in favor of suspension, 4 votes abstained, the proposal passes.

Next council meeting should be on 2026/05/13 at 18.00 - may change, please always verify in Calendar!